POST http://localhost:3001/jobs
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "job_title": "Senior Javascript Engineer",
  "company_name": "Hyper Anna",
  "company_logo": null,
  "location": "Sydney NSW",
  "salary": null,
  "timestamp": 1587837614245,
  "company_rating": null,
  "apply_link": "https://jobs.smartrecruiters.com/HyperAnna/743999711306933-senior-javascript-engineer",
  "content_html": "<p>Company Description<br>\n<br>\nnull</p>\n<br>\n<div>Job Description<br>\n<p><b>\nAbout Hyper Anna</b></p><p>\nWe’re a fast growth software start-up in the AI and data analytics space, and we’re on a mission to democratise data. Founded in 2016, we’ve built an AI powered data analytics platform that is transforming how businesses use data. Our software enables users to interact with their data in natural language, and proactively scans and presents the user with tailored insights within seconds. This means no need to wait on dashboards to be created or reports to be written, you are empowered to be curious about your business every day.</p><p>\nBehind our software is a growing team that is disrupting the analytics industry. People who love solving real world problems with smart ideas and smart technology. We're product builders, creative thinkers and we always go that extra step to delight our customers. Does that sound like you? Read on!</p><p><b>\nAbout the opportunity</b></p><p>\nWe’re looking for a Senior Javascript Developer to entrust with the interesting technical challenges involved in building and scaling SaaS software. You’ll be working in a cross functional team (engineers, designers and data scientists) and on a product that is disrupting the big data and analytics market. You’ll be a huge advocate for software best practices, mentor the team, and help us to get the most out of our stack as we design and deliver new features and functionality for our software.</p><p><b>\nA day in your life will include:</b></p><ul><li>\nBeing responsible for the development of high performance features</li><li>\nWorking in a cross functional team to solve technical challenges</li><li>\nBeing involved in software and service architecture discussions</li><li>\nDesigning and adopting strong engineering practices</li></ul><p><b>\nAbout you:</b></p><p>\nYou’re passionate, up to date on new technologies, and have strong software development fundamentals. You know when to obsess over details and when it’s time to ship. You love working in teams and helping others to grow with you. You’re someone who is laid-back, adaptable and wants to have an impact on the product you work on.</p><p>\n2020 will be a huge year for us and you have the opportunity to join us at the beginning of our hyper growth phase! This means you’ll have access to real career opportunities as we grow, receive a competitive salary and pre-IPO equity.</p><p>\nWe're building software for the data revolution, come and join us.</p></div>\n<br>\n<p>Qualifications<br>\n<br>\nnull<br>\n<br>\nAdditional Information<br>\n<br>\nnull</p>",
  "content_text": "Company Description\n\nnull\n\nJob Description\n\nAbout Hyper Anna\nWe’re a fast growth software start-up in the AI and data analytics space, and we’re on a mission to democratise data. Founded in 2016, we’ve built an AI powered data analytics platform that is transforming how businesses use data. Our software enables users to interact with their data in natural language, and proactively scans and presents the user with tailored insights within seconds. This means no need to wait on dashboards to be created or reports to be written, you are empowered to be curious about your business every day.\nBehind our software is a growing team that is disrupting the analytics industry. People who love solving real world problems with smart ideas and smart technology. We're product builders, creative thinkers and we always go that extra step to delight our customers. Does that sound like you? Read on!\nAbout the opportunity\nWe’re looking for a Senior Javascript Developer to entrust with the interesting technical challenges involved in building and scaling SaaS software. You’ll be working in a cross functional team (engineers, designers and data scientists) and on a product that is disrupting the big data and analytics market. You’ll be a huge advocate for software best practices, mentor the team, and help us to get the most out of our stack as we design and deliver new features and functionality for our software.\nA day in your life will include:\nBeing responsible for the development of high performance features\nWorking in a cross functional team to solve technical challenges\nBeing involved in software and service architecture discussions\nDesigning and adopting strong engineering practices\nAbout you:\nYou’re passionate, up to date on new technologies, and have strong software development fundamentals. You know when to obsess over details and when it’s time to ship. You love working in teams and helping others to grow with you. You’re someone who is laid-back, adaptable and wants to have an impact on the product you work on.\n2020 will be a huge year for us and you have the opportunity to join us at the beginning of our hyper growth phase! This means you’ll have access to real career opportunities as we grow, receive a competitive salary and pre-IPO equity.\nWe're building software for the data revolution, come and join us.\n\nQualifications\n\nnull\n\nAdditional Information\n\nnull",
  "indeed_id": "p_747514cc53c283e3",
  "query_city": "sydney",
  "tags": ["javascript"]
  }